Fix Vale style warnings from PRs merged in the last week (#5690)
mintlify/docs: assistant/index.mdx

---

<Info>

>   The assistant is available on [Pro and Enterprise plans](https://mintlify.com/pricing?ref=assistant) and Mintlify enables it by default for those plans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The assistant is available on [Pro and Enterprise plans](https://mintlify.com/pricing?ref=assistant) and enabled by default for those plans.
```
